Add Design guidelines (#3644)
ElektraInitiative/libelektra: doc/api_review/README.md

# Elektra API Review

> This folder contains all API design reviews conducted on the Elektra library.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This folder contains all API design reviews conducted on LibElektra.
```

Below you can find a short description of the review process.

## Review Process
This review is performed for each function separately. Each function should be 
evaluated according to the checklist. The reviewer judges for every bullet 
point, whether the function does / does not fulfill the bullet point. For 
every unfulfilled point a short explanation has to be given why the reviewer 
thinks the function does not fulfill the respective bullet point. This is done 
simply by providing a short description of the issue below the respective 
bullet point. After the review has been completed, the reviewer creates an 

> issue for every unfulfilled bullet point so it can be fixed by the Elektra team.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
issue for every unfulfilled bullet point so it can be fixed by the Elektra Initiative.
```
